fix(example): load react from CDN (#109)
camunda/camunda-bpm-examples: usertask/task-form-embedded-react/README.md

## Overview
### How can I add React to my Tasklist?

>   1. Add [loadReact.js](config/react/loadReact.js) to the same folder. This will load React and ReactDOM from a CDN and add it to the global scope. If you want to use other versions of React, adjust the import paths accordingly.

Reviewer: Shall we add the directory:
```suggestion
  1. Add [loadReact.js](config/react/loadReact.js) to `app/tasklist/scripts/react` of your webapp. This will load React and ReactDOM from a CDN and add it to the global scope. If you want to use other versions of React, adjust the import paths accordingly.
```
